QUICK INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS FOR SPOTMACHINE

Unfortunately, this program doesn't yet supply any installation scripts or
likewise. However, here is a brief guide to installing, which should work on
both Linux, Windows, and probably other systems.

1. Make sure your system has the Java JRE or JDK installed. If not, get and
   install the latest Java JRE from java.sun.com or through your system's
   software management facility.
2. If you downloaded the binary package (filename ends in "bin"), you can
   jump to the next step. On the other hand, if you downloaded the source
   package (filename ends in "src"), you need the JDK above (JRE is not
   enough), and you need to compile the program. To do this, open a command
   line prompt, navigate to the directory that contains this file, and
   execute the following command:
   javac main/SpotMachine.java
3. Copy or move this directory and all its files and subdirectories to a
   suitable place on your system, either in your home directory (for one-user
   installation) or somewhere in the main directory tree (for all-users
   installation). On Windows systems, this would probably be under
   C:\Program Files\ or similar.
4. Add the complete path to the directory to your CLASSPATH.
5. To start the program, execute the following command, either directly on a
   command line prompt, or via a start menu icon, or similar:
   java main/SpotMachine
   (note, you need to use a forward slash (/) under all systems, including
   Windows, which normally uses backslashes.


MAKING A BACKUP OF PROGRAM DATA AND SETTINGS

The program keeps its data (e.g. audio files) and user settings in two
different directories. If you copy these to e.g. a USB stick, you will be able
to keep everything during system re-installations, or to transfer everything
to another computer.

PROGRAM DATA: The program creates a direcory called .spotmachine (note the
period). If you use a Windows system, it will try to create this directory in
the Application Data directory. If this fails, or if you use any other system,
the directory will be created in the current user's home directory. On Linux/UNIX
systems, the directory will be a hidden one.

PROGRAM SETTINGS: Under Linux, a hidden .java directory is placed in your home
directory. In here, another hidden directory called .userPrefs exists, and here
a directory called SpotMachine will appear the first time you start the program
and change any setting.

